So let's use our training state.
We worked so hard on.
Now where do we use it.
How do we use it.
We get our training service in there.
We got our fetch a whale will exercise this method which in the end Wolf does just deaded fetches available
exercises and we want to dispatch something some action whenever we got a new exercise.
So if we get a new exercise then we previously set a whaleboat exercise two exercises.
And here we set exercise changed.
We called the next method on that subject.
Now instead I want to use to store and dispatch something.
However I now need to change to store did I inject that Previously I used from fruit state.
Now what's the problem with that state.
It's coming from the producer which doesn't know about my training reducer and therefore also not about
the training state.
So instead what we should do we should import everything as from training from the training reducer
which lifts in the same directory as the training server.
Now here our store or our state now is of type from training state.
We can still dispatch actions on a global state because keep in mind our training state as defined in
the reducer extends the rules state.
So we still have access to that but we also now have access to the training state which you wouldn't
have on the global stage if we inject the dead.
So this is how that works.
Now we got this different state and now here we can dispatch new.
And now we need to import the relevant actions so import everything as training from mice slash training
actions file.
So here all now go down to my dispatch action when we fetched the A-Whale exercises and dispatch training
said a whale exercises which now needs a payload.
Don't forget this.
The payload is just this array of exercises which we get in the SUBSCRIBE method here.
This one does argument.
This is what I know I'll pass.
Let's add a semi-colon.
This is how we dispatch does action.
I also want to dispatch an action when we complete or cancel an exercise.
Then we in the end have our Adjt. database function which we call this one down there and I don't care
about this.
But what I do care about is the fetch completed or canceled exercises listener.
Here we subscribe.
And here I don't want to emit finished exercise is changed.
I want to instead dispatch something and that something is set finished exercises and I passed the exercise
I get from firebase know we all do something else when we can't exercise we set the running exercise
to null and we admit exercise changed instead of that.
I also want to dispatch an action to stop training action.
And there I don't need to pass an argument I'll pass the very same action if we lead the exercise here.
Now last but not least we can also start an exercise.
And here we set the running exercise to exercise.
We get by it's.
And we have exercise change here or here are also simply dispatch an action NuStar training.
And I expect to get an exercise.
We need to change this.
This was an error.
We instead passed the selected ID and with that selected ID we can go to the training actions fall where
we are right now still expect to get an exercise object.
No this should be changed to string for the start training class constructor.
So that now is the producer of four star training action payload will give us a spring.
The idea we're passing here in start exercise and the training service and now with that string in the
reducer we can set the of training to to the state of whaleboat trainings are wildly exercises where
we find one exercise where debt exercises ID matches our actual payload.
Which also has an ID both as a string both as an ID.
So here we find one object and this is what we store in act of training.
And if we want we even create an immutable copy so we create a new object where we distribute the properties
of the exercise we're loading.
So this is now the right approach to store the act of training and to manage all these states from within
our training service.
We now dispatch everything that can happen to trainings and we're using energy or X to store that data.
Now the last piece in the puzzle is that we connect our components to the state so that we all get the
data from there in the future.